China Lanna! What happened to her brother?
I'm just letting you go to the fields, so why don't you pay for it and run away?
Brother, why should I pay?
Mom, have you never heard of protection fees?
Ah, have you ever thought about it?
I told him that the protection fee is the money you give me!
Just to protect you, mom?
Her brother, I am the only one who talks about rags,
If you don’t have money, don’t you need some protection?
Don't protect me, little one, then I'll let you come and see me!
Just now, let’s go!
OK, here's someone who talks about rags,
Does he dare to ask the Red Guards to invite him?
Why is the army so obedient to you?
That would be more submissive to you than to me.
How many times have I told you
Don't take pictures of your shoes with me
The person you have a lot of trouble with knows.
If you know it, just call it protection fee.
One hundred a day, three thousand a month, okay?
I can't make more than three thousand a month.
Didn't they please please mom?
What are you doing?